Correct sensuctl command examples (#2048)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.16/sensuctl/reference.md

sensuctl command install [ALIAS] ([NAMESPACE/NAME]:[VERSION] | --url [ARCHIVE_URL] --checksum [ARCHIVE_CHECKSUM]) [flags]
{{< /highlight >}}

> You can install a command by using the Bonsai asset name or from a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install a command plugin, use the Bonsai asset name or specify a URL and SHA512 checksum.
```

**To install a command using the Bonsai asset name**, replace `[NAMESPACE/NAME]` with the name of the asset from Bonsai.
`[:VERSION]` is only required if you require a specific version or are pinning to a specific version.
If you do not specify a version, sensuctl will fetch the latest version from Bonsai.

Replace `[ALIAS]` with a unique name for the command.
For example, for the [Sensu EC2 Discovery Plugin][37], you might use the alias `sensu-ec2-discovery`. 
`[ALIAS]` is required.

Replace `[flags]` with the flags you want to use.
Run `sensuctl command install -h` to view flags.
Flags are optional and apply only to the `install` command &mdash; they are not saved as part of the command you are installing.

To install a command from the [Sensu EC2 Discovery Plugin][37] with no flags:

{{< highlight shell >}}

> sensuctl command install sensu-ec2-discovery (portertech/sensu-ec2-discovery:0.3.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sensuctl command install sensu-ec2-discovery portertech/sensu-ec2-discovery:0.3.0
```

I think the parentheses in the `sensuctl command install` usage output are meant to indicate that one should provide either a `[NAMESPACE/NAME]:[VERSION]` or a `url` and `checksum`, meaning those parentheses should not be used in the actual command.

That said, this command isn't yet working for me, with or without the parentheses. I'm getting `Error: namespace cannot be empty` but I'm not sure if this a problem with sensuctl or what bonsai is returning.
